Service Desk Reference Sheet
Created by: Robert Kane, Spencer Shaw
Additions by: Tyler Mulea
For any additions/questions/edits, please Slack or email either of above

General Check list:

*A quick check of these 7 categories can resolve 50% of issues*

EMAIL /
USERNAME

Are they using the correct username?
user@clemson.edu and user@g.clemson make a MASSIVE difference
 See specific software title for login information
VERIFY:
 WiFi login - Splunk
 Anything else - Ask the user to “Read me the login you are
using, NOT “Are you using _____ to login?”

REALLY?
/ VERIFY




Validate each and every one of these categories for the users.
Things that seem interchangeable to the user are not always so.

REQUIREMENT



Does this request require another department’s attention?
 If so, make sure to retrieve the required information
BEFORE routing the ticket.
 See specific issue for details in escalating ticket.

AFFILIATION
(*Primary*)






Student
Employee
Affiliate
VERIFY: Check HD Tools

NETWORK
/ WIFI



On campus?
 Eduroam
Off campus?
 VPN?
VERIFY: Screen share



DIFFERENT
BROWSER
/ INCOGNITO
STATUS




For login/gateway errors:
 To tell if user needs to clear cache/cookies, have them try
on an incognito window
VERIFY: Screen share






Active
Inactive
Retired
VERIFY: Check HD Tools

Fast Facts






Recommended laptops:


By Major



Details/Purchase



Please don’t recommend:


Engineering majors to buy Macs



ANYONE to buy a Chromebook

Hardware Repair


Check status of repair: Within ticket, click Tasks > Description



Loaner laptops are ONLY provided to users who:


Purchased their laptop through Clemson



Device is currently being repaired by Clemson/SafeWare

Sending users Knowledge Base links:


HDKBs default to Article 2297. This means when you send a user a link to a
HDKB, you need to REPLACE THE ARTICLE ID




Rentals


CCIT does not rent out anything except loaner laptops under approved
circumstances



Cooper Library main (4th) floor does rent numerous products (including chargers,
cables, calculators, projectors, and tablets)


Available products

Table of Contents
Account Unlock
Adobe
Affiliations
All In Rewards
Alumni
Bridge (Tiger) Training
Bomgar
Boot Camp / Dual Boot
Canvas
Cisco Anyconnect Mobility Client (VPN)
Cisco Jabber
Citrix
Cherwell
Classroom Issues
Clear Cache/Cookies
Clemson Computer Store
Company Portal
Credential Manager
Data Recovery
Departmental / Organizational / Club Accounts
Directory
Drivers
Duo
Eduroam
Email
Ethernet
EVERFI (AlcoholEdu)

Forgetting a WiFi Network
Forgot Username
G Suite for Education (Google)
Grammarly
GS2
H Drive
Hardware Repair
Hotspots
iRoar
iStart Portal (SEVIS)
JMP
Keychain
Keyboard Shortcuts
Kronos
Laptop Pickup Procedure
Loaner Laptop Policy
LogiSim
Matlab
Microsoft Office 365
Minitab
New Students (Incoming Freshmen, Transfers)
Opening Procedures
Password Reset
PaperCut
PeopleSoft
PeopleSoft Finance
Phones
Plotting

Printing (General)
Proctorio
Respondus LockDown Browser
Resmedianet
SAS
School of Computing
Slack
Software Repository / (Mapping a) Network Drive
SolidWorks
Splunk
SPSS
Switchboard
Tableau
TigerOne (Mobile ID)
TigerQuest
Touchnet for Laptop Pickup
Trend Micro (Apex One)
Uninstalling a Program
Windows
Zoom

Account Unlock




Intruder lockout


Caused by too many password attempts



No verification necessary, “release” on HD Tools

Active Directory lockout


Usually caused by WiFi continually attempting to connect


Ask the user if they have any devices using a previous password that has
been changed




No verification necessary, “release” on HD Tools

Duo lockout


Lockouts automatically resolved in 15 minutes



If the user needs to be unlocked, reach out to Tier 1 chat


No need to confirm identity

Adobe


Login: user@clemson.edu (NOT user@g.clemson.edu)




Password: Clemson password (NOT Gmail, unless it is the same)

Checking Student Access


Check that in HD Tools primary affiliation is “STUDENT”



Check that in HD Tools > Student Records > Active Status is “ACTV”


A “CONF” status means they are confirmed as a student but are not
actively taking classes yet, so they will not yet be able to access Adobe.



This status will change to “ACTV” about 3 days before the start of
classes.



Download at: https://www.adobe.com


Once they are logged in, they will need to download the Adobe Creative Cloud
app which will allow them to install any other products. *DOES NOT REQUIRE
VPN*



Available to students and staff:


Photoshop, Lightroom , Illustrator, InDesign, Muse, Edge Animate,
Dreamweaver, Edge Web Fonts, Edge Reflow, Edge Code, Edge Inspect, Flash

Pro, Premier Pro, After Effects, Audition, Acrobat, Sign(May need to request in
Tier 1 chat)


Scan


NOT licensed through Clemson



However, students can sign in free with any valid Google email address (this
includes your @g.clemson.edu)



iPhone can export to apps including Canvas




Scan all pages > Save PDF > Share > Share a Copy > Desired App

Students have access to Adobe 3 days prior to class start and 3 days following
graduation

Affiliations


HDTools > Identity > Primary Affiliation



Types:


Alumni






See below section

Student


Use Gmail accounts



Check if alumni!



Clemson account disabled after 1 year following graduation

Employee


Use Outlook accounts



Clemson login/Outlook/Exchange email disabled immediately after
termination/retirement unless Emeritus or extension request



MEDS Users


Occasionally, you will pull up an account and see (misc.) next to their
username. Go to the Password tab and check “CUID Password Policy.” If
you see “cn = MEDS users” as shown below, you will need to direct the
user to the


MEDS Help Desk: 1-866-845-1548


All In Rewards


Requests and inquiries regarding the All In Rewards application should be directed to
Ashby Burton at ashbyb@clemson.edu.

Alumni



Compile all the alumni related information here, I think that’s more straightforward
Alumni cannot access their transcripts through iRoar after 1 year, they need to contact
the Registrar’s office

Bridge (Tiger) Training


Bridge Training Site



Users are frequently locked out due to not completing training


Send a message in Slack and a Student Lead/full-time employee will unlock the
user temporarily


Inform user they have 3 days to complete training or they will be locked
out again




No identity verification required for unlock

To check the module that needs to be completed: Go to HDTools > Search user >
Vault History > In the top right, click “Show complete history” > Ctrl+f > Search
“logindisabled” > Find when VaultloginDisabled has Value “true” > Blue bar will show
module which must be completed




If a user is incorrectly locked out after having completed all training modules, let
Michael Belanger (mbelang) know. This usually happens when a module that was not
assigned to the user is shown as incomplete.

Bomgar


Admin Interface



User Interface: support.clemson.edu



Login: username




Password: Clemson password (NOT Gmail, unless same)

MacOS


Screen is black upon connection except for Bomgar chat



Direct user to Apple Logo in top left > System Preferences > Security & Privacy >
Click the lock (bottom left) > Enter computer password > toggle ON the box
beside the Bomgar icon for both Screen Recording AND Accessibility > click
the lock (bottom left).



If a download.clemson.edu software says “Direct access to the media for this software
on the Software Repository is limited to IT support personnel.” under Install Media, you
will need to install the software over Bomgar for the user.


Map the network drive using YOUR Clemson credentials and copy the required
software folder to the user’s desktop.




Don’t forget to disconnect your network drive after copying is finished!

Call Center TVs


The four TVs mounted on the wall in the Call Center can be accessed on Bomgar
> Jump Items > Help Desk


Bomgar is set to launch on startup, but you’ll still need to click the monitor
icon to access the screen





NOCVID-SC1: Left two TVs



NOCVID-SC2: Right two TVs

Frequently displayed



Clemson Live Cams



Eduroam Connections Dashboard




Login: Username (no @clemson.edu); and Clemson password

Student Call Data reporting panel


“Your connection is not private”: Click Advanced > Proceed to
scstats.clemson.edu (unsafe)





Login: Username (no @clemson.edu); and Clemson password

Citrix Director

The physical Lenovo minis are located behind the TVs. If one of the machines
ever becomes stuck and needs to be manually rebooted, you can carefully slide
the outer 2 TVs away from the others to access the physical PC.



Classroom Tech Podium PCs


The majority of the supported classrooms are available on Bomgar



These can be accessed similarly to the Call Center TVs: Bomgar > Jump Items >
Classrooms



You should obviously be more careful accessing these machines when
troubleshooting an issue. Many professors would prefer you don’t randomly take
control of their machines while they are teaching :) This especially applies when
you are in their classroom…

Boot Camp / Dual Boot


Laptop Support staff may be able to help users at the Help Desk with this, but this is one
of the processes the Freeman Help Desk specializes in.



Dual Booting is NO longer an option with M1 Macs.

Canvas


STOP: Which applies?




User with Clemson email (Active Employee or Student)


Click orange button on clemson.edu/canvas



Login: username



Password: iRoar password

User without Clemson email (Certification Class, Continuing Education,
CEPSCI, etc)


MUST click purple non-Clemson user button on clemson.edu/canvas



Login: email the user registered for the class with



User may have not yet setup a password



Password: Have the user click “Forgot Password.” Password reset link
will be sent to the registered email. Usually takes less than 5 mins.



Mobile App Login: Since these users do not have SAML logins, they will
need to login with a QR code



Escalating a ticket to Canvas Support:


Calls:


Create ticket PRIOR to transferring the call. This will make Canvas
Support’s job a lot easier



You’ll need:


Username



Student/Employee



FULL course title as it appears




Ex. S2101-ECE-2020-001-12973



Issue description



Ask in Tier 1 if there is a Canvas Rep available and transfer



“Canvas Issue” One Step

Tickets:


If any of these above details are missing, please send an email to the
user and don’t set to pending




“Canvas Issue” One Step

Instructor Guide


Merging/Crosslisting a course



“User Storage Quota Exceeded Error”


This occurs when a user has too many files stored in Canvas. Have the
user go to Canvas > Account in top left > Files and delete files. Usually,
the majority of the storage is located in My Files > Submissions


Available storage can be seen in the bar below the files

Cisco Anyconnect Mobility Client (VPN)


Download: Scroll down to “VPN” gray heading on download.clemson.edu



Required for activating software licenses, accessing network drives



Server: cuvpn.clemson.edu



Login


User: username (NO @clemson.edu)



Password: Clemson password



Second Password/Duo Password:


push for push notifications



sms sends a text to phone and user will type in the passcode in the same
blank after receiving





6-digit hardware token passcodes



App passcodes/phone calls DO NOT WORK

“The VPN client was unable to successfully verify the IP forwarding table

modifications. A VPN connection will not be established.”
 This error is usually caused by being connected to both wireless and wired
networks. To solve the issue, have the user either disconnect the ethernet
cable from their device or disconnect from the wireless network.
Cisco Jabber





Jabber is a soft-phone software that can be used to take calls from your PC when you
are away from your physical phone
Accounts for Jabber must be created prior to login by Network Unified
Communications team in Cherwell
Download
Instructions:
 Login: username@clemson.edu
 Password: Clemson/iRoar password
 When prompted to add your location, go ahead and fill it out
 If you’re signing into Finesse, you’ll need to be connected to the VPN
 Make sure you have Jabber open prior to Finesse login
 Upon Finesse sign-in, you should be greeted with this prompt. If you are not,
make sure Jabber Desktop is open or try clearing cache/cookies on browser:



Select “Jabber Desktop” and click “Continue”

Citrix


Virtual Machine which houses hundreds of Clemson software



Login


User: username (NO @clemson.edu)



Password: Clemson password



Second Password/Duo Password:


push for push notifications



sms sends a text to phone and user will type in the passcode in the same
blank after receiving





6-digit hardware token passcodes



App passcodes/phone calls DO NOT WORK

Download available on download.clemson.edu or the web version can be accessed at
cuapps.clemson.edu


Server: cuapps.clemson.edu



Especially useful for software that cannot natively run on Macs



If a user is experiencing issues with connecting to an app on Citrix that they were kicked

Cherwell


Green Crown - VIP User



Transferring a ticket that has already been assigned to you (“Field Incident.Owned By
must be filled in before the record can be saved”)



Set ticket to Pending for “Ticket Transfer” and assign to new team

Classroom Issues


Is the classroom listed here? (Powers is COB)






Create a ticket with for Tier 1 Classroom Tech with:


Username



Room number



Issue description

If urgent, send message in #classroom–tech-faculty-support with:


Ticket number



Location



Whether or not the tech can interrupt the class

If this is not a supported classroom, grab the same details from the user and send to
their local support

Clear Cache/Cookies


Chrome



Safari



FireFox

Clemson Computer Store


Handles purchasing of laptops and computer accessories for STUDENTS (not
employees) as well as SafeWare purchasing. In Hendrix Student Center.







Contact


(864) 656-0404 for Dell/Lenovo purchases/questions



(864) 656-1563 for Apple purchases/questions

Direct links


Lenovo Purchase



Dell Purchase

FAQ

Company Portal


No. download.clemson.edu.



But seriously, the individual downloads on the site are much more reliable and easier to
work with.

Credential Manager


This is basically the KeyChain of Windows; Stores saved passwords



Control Panel > User Accounts > Credential Manager



Useful in situations where a confirmed correct password is not signing into an app



Windows Credentials > Find desired application > Remove

Data Recovery



Departmental / Organizational / Club Accounts


Creation



User must first have some form of proof of title within the organization. If their
name is not listed in a form of authoritative role (anything besides a generic
member) in TigerQuest, please have them submit this with the email sent to
ithelp@clemson.edu





Include:


3 possible usernames



Position within organization



Preferred Account type: Outlook/Email



Classification: Request New Email Account



Team: Computer Resources

Resetting Password


Check HDTools > Owning Identity > Go listed users account and confirm identity
from there


If this is not available, ask a full-time employee to verify their position
within the organization and add them as the account owner



The SSN in the password reset is that of the owning identity user

Directory


Preferred name: my.clemson.edu > Login > My Profile > Name > Manage Preferred
Names



To update name/job title in directory, create a ticket with the classification “Add/Update
Directory Name” and send to Identity Management team



Legal name changes

Drivers


Only install/update drivers when necessary



If you’re not comfortable handling this, please defer to Laptop Support



Some common issues caused by missing/outdated drivers are:


Frequent disconnections to devices



No internet options available WiFi or ethernet



PC not recognizing device



Incompatible programs



Any graphics issues that cannot be fixed



Frequent fan kick/High CPU temps



If a BIOS update is available, run SEPARATELY than the other updates!



STOP: Ask the user if their data is saved/backed up. You never know when a BIOS
update is going to fail. The user must consent.



Downloads


Lenovo



Dell



HP



Microsoft Surface



Acer



Asus

Duo


Duo is MANDATORY for all users



2fa.clemson.edu



Login (Top right corner)





Username: user (NO @clemson.edu or @g.clemson.edu)



Password: Clemson password

First time/Unenrolled user: ("Access is not allowed because you are not enrolled in
Duo")




Follow along

Re-Activating device (“Reconnect” displayed on Duo app, not receiving pushes since
obtaining new device)


STOP: Does the user have access to their previous Duo device?


2fa.clemson.edu > Login > Manage Devices > Authenticate with previous
device > Add a new device



STOP: Does their new phone have the same number as their previously
registered phone?


Follow along



These are the only two situations where a user requires a bypass code:



The maximum bypass code duration is 3 days


1. User has a new device with a different phone number


Have the user call in and verify their identity


ABROAD/INTERNATIONAL ONLY; Email this:


Clemson Username:



XID Number:



Full Name:



Date of Birth:



Home or Local Address on File:



Home or Cell Phone Number on File:



Major or Area of Study:

Also, if you are/were a Clemson employee, provide this
information as well. If not, you can skip this section:





Department Name:



Direct Supervisor's Full Name:



Job Title:

Send to #tier1-chat: Can I have a ?-day, ?-time use Duo bypass
code for USERNAME? (verified)


ABROAD/INTERNATIONAL: Send user:

 Go to 2fa.clemson.edu on a computer.
 Click "Login in the top right and login with your Clemson
credentials.
 Click "Manage Devices" in the top banner.
 As your authentication method, choose "Passcode"
 Type in _________
 Click "Log In"
 Under your previous device, click "+ Add another
device"
 Follow the instructions for registering your new device


2. User left device at home/does not have a device temporarily


Have the user call in and verify their identity



Send to #tier1-chat: Can I have a ?-day, ?-time use Duo bypass
code for USERNAME? (verified)



User can type in this passcode for any Duo authentications until
the code expires



Multiple devices on a Duo account


Occasionally, you will encounter a user with a Duo account with multiple
people/devices. This is often the case for a tech account for a certain building,
such as HOFFMANBLDGTECH, which has 9 total users on the account.



For web applications, this is easy. Have the user verify their name and desired
device are displayed in the drop-down as shown below:



For systems like Cisco or the VPN, the user will have to login to their Duo portal
(2fa.clemson.edu) and check which corresponding device they are using



Authentication Options


Setting a Preferred Authentication Method


2fa.clemson.edu > Manage Devices > Authenticate > Select Default
device and authentication method > Save



SMS


Click “Enter a Passcode”



This opens a blue bar at the bottom, click “Text me new codes”



Enter passcodes received as text message




Token / Fob




Press to generate 6 digit code, enter just as you would a passcode from
the app



If pressed too many times without using the code, the token may become
out of sync. If this appears to be the case, have a Duo admin resync the
token for you



Requires no cell service/WiFi. Uses an encryption algorithm connected to
the user’s Duo account



Users can purchase tokens through the CCIT Marketplace
(https://secure.touchnet.net/C20569_ustores/web/index.jsp).


MBELANG will receive a notification, attach a token to their
account, and set aside for pickup once checkout is complete.



These can be shipped within the US upon request (not
internationally). Make sure to get a shipping address if this is the
case.



APP PASSCODES AND PHONE CALLS NO LONGER AVAILABLE

Eduroam


STOP: Eduroam is a network meant for SCHOOL devices. If the user is attempting to
login on any device that is not a PC, iPhone, or iPad, they need to use Resmedianet



Login: user@clemson.edu (NOT user@g.clemson.edu)






Password: Clemson password (NOT Gmail, unless same)

User is unable to connect for the first time:


Ask them to READ what username they are logging in with



Run installer

User was disconnected




Android


No installer required



Follow along

ChromeOS


CHROMEOS DOES NOT LIKE EDUROAM, HENCE WHY WE DO NOT
RECOMMEND THEM.









Run installer (Recently available)



Use these settings

iOS / iPhone


No installer required



Follow along

Linux


No installer required



Follow along

MacOS


1. Forget ClemsonGuest



2. Forget Eduroam



3. Open “Profiles”


Delete Eduroam profile



4. Open “Keychain”


Delete ALL Eduroam user/password



5. Reboot



6. Run installer (Preferably on Ethernet if possible, but can use hotspot if
not available, very quick download)



7. Click “Connect” on “SSID Eduroam” (Bottom right of WiFi options)




This should connect automatically, no password prompt

Windows


1. Forget ClemsonGuest



2. Forget Eduroam



3. Open Windows Credential Manager



4. > Windows Credentials



5. Delete ALL Eduroam entries



6. Reboot



7. Download & run installer



8. After running installer, clicking on Eduroam network should immediately
connect to Eduroam



Installer: https://www.clemson.edu/wireless


STOP: If MacOS, did you click “Install” (Top right) on System Preferences >
Profiles?

Email


The Clemson email system is confusing, but it is one of the most important concepts to
understand. Take time to understand the distinctions between different email accounts.



Employees


By default, employees are issued an EXCHANGE email account username@clemson.edu.



Often use Outlook to login to this account. You may hear employees refer to it at
their “Outlook Account.”



Their Exchange password is tied to the CLEMSON ACCOUNT. This means that
resetting this password is done through the normal password reset in HD Tools.



Students


By default, students are issued a GOOGLE email account username@g.clemson.edu.



When students refer to their “Clemson Email,” this is what they’re talking about.
You may hear us call this account their “G Suite” or “Gmail” account.



The password to this account is NOT THE SAME AS THE CLEMSON
ACCOUNT. Resetting their password in HD Tools will not reset their password to
this email.



To reset the password to the email, go to clemson.edu/emailforwarding > Reset
my G Suite for Education password.



"Google couldn't verify this account belongs to you"
 If a user runs into this message when logging in after a password
reset, have one of the full-time staff add a recovery phone
number/email to their Google account.



Alumni


Clemson Alumni will retain access to their Clemson email account username@g.clemson.edu - indefinitely.



Alumni cannot reset the password to this account. You will have to verify ID and
ask for a G Suite password reset in #tier1-chat in slack.

Ethernet


Ethernet connections must be registered



Not working after registration? Check to see if it is the cord/port that is faulty:


If possible, have the user connect the cord to another device


Other device works


Try a network reset and updating the ethernet driver for the device
and restarting



Other device doesn’t work


Try a different wall port and see if the device is not working:


Devices working now:


Create a ticket for Network Infrastructure Services
with:





Location



Port number (listed on outlet)

Still not working:


Recommend that user tries a new ethernet cable

EVERFI (AlcoholEdu)


Click here > Click Clemson University



Login: username



Password: iRoar password



Not working?


Clear cache and cookies



Per @mbelang: “Thank you for contacting us with your questions. If you are in
need of technical support for AlcoholEdu, Sexual Assault Prevention or EVERFI,
please contact EVERFI’s 24/7 tech support using “Help” within the course or by
visiting support.everfi.com. For all other questions, please contact Kelley
Metcalfe via email at krgoins@clemson.edu.”

Forgetting a WiFi Network


ChromeOS



Ubuntu Linux



MacOS/iOS



Windows

Forgot Username


Usernames are public information



If you are able to find a user in HDTools, you can provide their username without
verifying identity



Alternatively, if the user is on campus/vpn, they can go to whoami.clemson.edu

G Suite for Education (Google)


Docs




Drive




Users will lose access immediately after graduation

Forms




Documentation

Documentation

Photos


Users have 15GB of storage in their Clemson Google account.



Storage can only expanded if the user pays for it themselves




Maps




Documentation
NOT supported by Clemson Google account

Sheets




Documentation

Slides




Documentation

Takeout


File transfer solution from Google Drive to local storage.





NOT supported by Clemson Google account

Any Chrome Extensions or Chrome Web Store




Documentation

Youtube




Please recommend to those who do not wish to lose their storage.

NOT supported by Clemson Google account

ALUMNI: Drive storage was disabled on October 1, 2021.


More info



“I graduated from Clemson last year but am currently an employee at Clemson. Will my drive be
disabled or will I still have access to it?”



Any active students or employees will retain access to Google Drive.




“Does this affect all google docs and sheets? Or just files saved in the drive?”



Yes. Docs and sheets are stored in and tied to Google Drive




“Will this change affect Google Photos?”



Not at this time. Google Photos are stored separately from Drive, but they will still use
Clemson's pooled storage. This policy may change in the future as we continue to evaluate
storage limitations.




“Can you convert or migrate my account to not be part of Clemson's domain?”



No. Google does not provide that functionality.




“I tried to share the files with my personal account and change the owner, but Google says that is
not allowed. Can you enable it?”



No. Google gives us the ability to control external sharing, but there are no settings to allow
ownership transfer outside the organization.

Grammarly


Grammarly web client is the only version that is licensed under Clemson accounts.



You cannot use the desktop client nor the extension under a Clemson account.



grammarly.com > Login with username@clemson.edu and iRoar password.

GS2


Graduate Student plan of study.



Per their website: “Your graduate program director should be your first contact for GS2
questions. If you experience any problems completing or routing your GS2, either for
committee selection or plan of study, or have questions about how to make changes,
please email GS2HELP@clemson.edu. Most Graduate School staffers do not have
access to students’ Plans of Study.”




People will still reach out to CCIT even though we can’t help.

Tickets should be directed to the iRoar Registration team (please make the tickets for
those that call or chat).

H Drive


A shared drive by employees working in the same department.



Must be connected to VPN or eduroam.



As far as setting up the connection, follow the directions in Software Repository /
Network Drive





Mac Path: smb://group.clemson.edu/group



Windows Path: \\group.clemson.edu\group

https://ccit.clemson.edu/support/kb/?id=526

Hardware Repair


SafeWare



AppleCare+

Hotspots


Original CCIT-provided hotspots were deactivated 03/21/22.



All deactivated hotspots with no intent on renewal should be returned to CCIT or mailed
to the Clemson Computer Store. If this user contacts the Computer Store directly, they
will send them a shipping label so they do not have to get their own.



If a user would like to purchase one, their department head will need to send an email to
ithelp@clemson.edu and state their intent to purchase a hotspot for the user

iRoar


Authorized Users


These are accounts which parents/guardians use to pay tuition; they are
essentially a limited version of the iRoar Portal



Adding an authorized user



Logging in: Similar to a Canvas non-Clemson user account, these accounts have
a separate login. On iroar.clemson.edu, click the bottom link labeled “Authorized
Users / Parents”


Log in using personal email and again, we do not have access to these
accounts so passwords are reset via the “Forgot Password” link.



Accessing 1098-T



View Financial Aid/Scholarship Award



If you receive a call from an alumni who needs access to tax/billing information, have
them contact Student Billing: 864-656-5592

iStart Portal (SEVIS)



This is the international student check-in portal, where e-forms are filled out
ATTENTION NEW STUDENTS: Please note that all new students must first
complete the onboarding process linked below to activate your Clemson
username and set up your Clemson email. There may be a delay of roughly five
days between the time of completing these steps and gaining access to the iStart
Portal. Contact is@clemson.edu if you do not gain access within this time period or if
you experience any additional issues.

 Please note that if you are a new student requesting an I-20, it will be
emailed to your Clemson email address. You must continue to monitor your
Clemson email and ensure you set up email forwarding if you choose to use the
G Suite for Education email. See Email for password reset instructions.
JMP


Installation instructions



Windows license issues



Mac license issues

Keychain


Saves passwords for sites, which can commonly interfere with installations/logins



Search for Keychain in the Spotlight Search and delete any credentials if the user is
experiencing interference with an outdated saved password



Mac Office constantly asking for Keychain password



If you can’t find something in Keychain that should be there, try scrolling through the list
instead of using the search

Keyboard Shortcuts




Windows:


Ctrl + A: Select All



Ctrl + C: Copy



Ctrl + V: Paste



Ctrl + X: Cut



Ctrl + S: Save



Ctrl + P: Print



Ctrl + Z: Undo



WIN + R: Run Program (.exe file)



WIN + L: Lock Computer



WIN + S: Search Bar



WIN + A: All Notifications



WIN + D: Display Desktop



WIN + M: Minimize All Tabs



WIN + V: Display Clipboard History



WIN + P: Display Settings for More than one Screen



WIN + Left Arrow: Snap active window to the left side of the screen



WIN + Right Arrow: Snap active window to the Right side of the screen



WIN + Up Arrow: Snap active window to the Top of the screen



WIN + Down Arrow: Snap active window to the Bottom of the screen



ALT + TAB

Note: If the Keyboard does not have Dedicated Function Keys, the numbers along the
top will replace the specific Function Key.



Fn + Esc: Lock/Unlock Function Commands (Typically Function Lock)



Fn + F1: Function Key 1 (Typically Mute all)



Fn + F2: Function Key 2 (Typically Volume Down)



Fn + F3: Function Key 3 (Typically Volume Up)



Fn + F4: Function Key 4 (Typically Mute Microphones)

Kronos


Timecard site for all hourly employees at Clemson (punching in and out)



clemson.kronos.net



Login


Username: Clemson username



Password: Clemson password


If the normal Clemson password isn’t working, reset the Clemson
password to have them “sync”



This usually takes a few more minutes to update with the newly changed
password than iRoar or Canvas for example



Mobile App


“UKG Workforce Central”



Server: https://clemson.kronos.net/wfc

Laptop Pickup Procedure


When working at the help desk, people will frequently come in to pick up their repaired
laptop.


1 - Get Username



2 - Check TigerOne card OR verify ID



3 - Have user sign pick up sheet



4 - Get the user’s loaner laptop assuming they received one (no loaner, no pick
up)



5 - Grab laptop from pick-up shelf in the room behind you (Usernames on the
pieces of paper on top of each laptop)



6 - Take off ticket summary paper on top of the laptop, fold tape back, and place
under pick up sheet on the clipboard



7 - Have user open their laptop and make sure it’s working (if all good, they’re
good to go)



8 - YOU sign the white portion of the pick up sheet



9 - Close the task on the ticket in Cherwell



10 - Write down the ticket number on a sticky note, attach it to the loaner laptop,
give the laptop to someone in laptop support, and ask them to close out the
ticket.



If you close the help desk, put ALL of the papers on the clipboard in the blue box sitting
on the purple chair next to Avery’s desk.


If there were no laptop pickups that day, throw away the pick up sheet.

Loaner Laptop Policy


Students are eligible for a loaner laptop from Clemson assuming their laptop meets the
following criteria:




Windows Laptop


Must be under warranty



Must be purchased from Clemson

Mac Laptop


Must be under warranty with SafeWare OR AppleCare+ (not regular
AppleCare)



Does not need to be purchased through Clemson

LogiSim


Random software used by ECE majors



Download for Windows and MacOS



Known MacOS issue where launch fails


User must update Java and launch via terminal

Matlab


This software is obtained through the vendor, MathWorks.



Please visit mathworks.com, and CREATE an account.



Installation Instructions



Re-Activate (License Expired)


Start Menu/Windows Search > Reactivate Matlab > Log in with MathWorks
account > Activate using the internet

Microsoft Office 365


Installation - Mac and Windows


Go to 365.clemson.edu > sign in with Clemson credentials > install office.



Do NOT try to install Office from anywhere else (Software Repo or
download.clemson.edu).



Confirm User has an O365 License


Check HD Tools > Groups.




You’ll see “365_License_Studnet_Office” or “365_License_Fac_Office”

Go to office365.clemson.edu


If you see office app icons on the left hand side of the page, they’re
licensed



Troubleshooting Office Issues


Sign out of the problem Office app and back in



Reboot computer



Uninstall and Reinstall office apps



Windows only


Repair/Modify Office apps


Settings > Apps & Features > Search “Microsoft Office 365
ProPlus - en-us” > Modify > Quick Repair

Minitab


Installation Instructions - Mac (includes license info)



Installation Instructions - Windows (includes license info)

New Students (Incoming Freshmen, Transfers)


Applying/Accepted students will first have created an account on the Admitted Student
Portal


This Portal provides a CUID and Activation Code, which be seen here



This is also where students will find orientation information as well as sign ups



We DO NOT have access to these usernames or passwords.



Login: email address the student signed up with (This will never be a Clemson
email address)



To reset password: Click “Forgot Password” and a link will be sent to email



If the student signed up with a school email address they no longer
have access to, they will need to call Admissions to have it changed
to a personal one



Once the student has been accepted and has their CUID and activation code, they can
begin the Student Onboarding Checklist




Direct the student to enroll in Duo after activating their username

If you see a highlighted yellow section in the Identity tab of HD Tools titled “Activation
Code,” the student has not yet activated their username.



CUID: Can be provided without identity verifications



Activation Codes: Requires identity verification before giving out



The easiest way to relay the Student Onboarding address over the phone is
myusername.clemson.edu

Opening Procedures





If you are new and know you are going to be opening, make sure you have backdoor
access and tell Michael Belanger (mbelang) if you do not
Enter through the back door and turn on the lights (switch is next to the fire extinguisher
at the help desk)
Open the Helpdesk doors, and turn on the check-in screens outside the doors
Place the “Stop” sign in the doorway

Password Reset


Clemson Password


Preferred Method:


Have Customer call into Helpdesk (864-656-3494)


Get Username and Verify ID with 3 Pieces of information.



Generate a default password (cu#last5)


Drill the last FIVE digits part. Forgetting to reiterate
this will result in 3 out of 5 users calling right back!



Direct them to clemson.edu/change_password



Make sure the password change is finished before hanging
up the phone!



Alternative Method (Abroad/International or missing phone only!):


Have the customer verify identity via email (Clemson email preferably)



Ask the following questions for students:


Clemson Username:







XID Number:



Full Name:



Date of Birth:



Home or Local Address on File:



Home or Cell Phone Number on File:



Major or Area of Study:

Ask the following questions for employees:


Clemson Username:



XID Number:



Full Name:



Date of Birth:



Home or Local Address on File:



Home or Cell Phone Number on File:



Department Name:



Direct Supervisor’s Full Name:



Job Title:

Google Password


Preferred Method: (Please ensure user has enrolled in Duo PRIOR to
resetting Gmail password)


Have users visit clemson.edu/email_forwarding


Select “Reset my G Suite for Education Password” beside the last
checkbox on the page.



Click OK.



Password will display at the top of the page (This password is
randomized characters, does not require the user to have a
SSN).



User is prompted to create a new password upon entering this
one.



Alternative Method (Alumni)


Alumni cannot access the clemson.edu/emailforwarding page, so they will
need to call and verify their info.


Once info is verified, ask for a “G Suite PW Reset” in #tier1-chat.

PaperCut


PaperCut is our printing system. All students will use papercut, and employees will use a
mix of papercut and their departmental, usually IP, printers (not papercut).



See more details on printing in Printing (General)



Installing PaperCut - Windows (VPN or eduroam needed to download, install, and use).





download.clemson.edu > PaperCut Printers > Windows (install file)



Follow along

PaperCut Issues - Windows


PaperCut Printer Failed to Install



Printed, No Jobs at Release Station


Usually due to an older Windows 10 update that broke PaperCut.



Upgrade to KB5007253 or better to fix.



Manually download from:
https://www.catalog.update.microsoft.com/Search.aspx?q=KB5007253





Installing PaperCut - Mac (VPN or eduroam needed to download, install, and use)


download.clemson.edu > PaperCut Printers > Mac



Follow along

PaperCut Issues - Mac


Mojave version 12.2 does not work (fact check me on this)



“Hold for Authentication” Print Job Status


After clicking “print,” you’ll be prompted to login



These credentials default to computer username and password



Change username and password to CLEMSON credentials!



Detailed Guide



PaperCut Usage - iOS



PaperCut Usage - Android



PaperCut Web Print - Linux/Anyone without PaperCut installed


Papercut.clemson.edu > Web Print > Submit a Job



NOTE: You cannot change any settings when web printing except for the number
of copies.



This will print double-sided in black & white every time. You cannot change this
on Web Print.

PeopleSoft


The most common issue with PeopleSoft is “profile may be locked or you may not have
access yet to PeopleSoft.”



For these tickets,
a. Check that the user is an active employee in the employee records section of HD
Tools.


If they are, proceed to b.



If they are not, reply back and ask them to contact their supervisor about
updating their employee status and close the ticket.

b. Send an email to the user instructing them to clear their cache and cookies.


Feel free to use the Cache & Cookies Quick Desc on the staff page.

c. Set the ticket to pending.
d. Most of the time the user will tell you that this has fixed their issue at this point.


If clearing cache and cookies does not work, set ticket to pending, reason:
ticket transfer. Transfer ticket to CUBS HR Help Desk.

PeopleSoft Finance


The financial side of HR handled by CUBS Financial Help Desk.



These tickets will usually reference errors when entering financial information “in the
system.”



They may reference P-Cards, IDOs, accounting policies, or accounting questions.



Procurement issues can also be directed here.

Phones


Login: username



Password: Full phone extension (Ex: 864656XXXX)



There are a couple of different phone systems in use.



When you encounter phone issues, it’s best to send a ticket to telecom.



Make sure to get the caller’s:


Name



Phone Number (Old and New, if applicable)



Location on Campus

Plotting




Largest plot size is 42” by (technically 100 ft), no plots larger than 42 in both dimensions
Plots are created as tickets, so if a user asks about the status of their plot, searching
their username in Cherwell should help you find the status
Time to pick up a plot varies, users will get an email when they are ready

Printing (General)



Printing for Students (using Papercut)


Mac



Print to “studentprinting”


Note the difference between “studentprinting” and “Student
Printing”



If you cannot find studentprinting:


Connect to eduroam then try System Preferences > Printers &
Scanners > “+” sign > studentprinting | bonjour > Add.




Windows




Print to studentprinting on papercut.clemson.edu

Printing for Employees (departmental printers)


Most employees will use departmental printers that do not use papercut




Follow along

Make a ticket for their local support if this is the case

Printing for Employees (papercut)


Mac




Print to “employeeprinting”

Windows


Print to “employeeprinting” on papercut.clemson.edu

Proctorio


A proctoring tool for online tests. This is a Google Chrome Extension.



You cannot access the Chrome Web Store on a Clemson G Suite account, so you will
not be able to use a username@g.clemson.edu when taking a Proctorio exam.



You MUST sign in with a personal Gmail account, download the extension on the
personal account, and take the exam on the personal account.


To sign into a personal account in Chrome, select the profile icon in the top right
corner > Add (other profiles) OR select other profile/account.



PROCTORIO IS NOT SUPPORTED ON THE CLEMSON G SUITE ACCOUNT.

Respondus LockDown Browser


Download from download.clemson.edu



There are a multitude of issues you’ll run into while dealing with Respondus.



Troubleshooting Guide:



Check Internet Connection



Make sure the user's internet connection is satisfactory - net-test.clemson.edu or
speedtest.net to check.



Restart Laptop



Uninstall and Reinstall Respondus


Make sure to install from here:



Respondus Lockdown Browser “OEM” is not the right app - uninstall and reinstall.



Test to see if Respondus will work on a different exam:


Enrollment Link for test exam




Enroll in the Canvas course and complete the Respondus tests.

Double check that drivers are up-to-date (common with webcam issues)


Start menu > Device manager > right-click corresponding drivers > update driver
> search automatically.



“The browser cant be used in virtual machine software such as Virtual PC, VMWare and
Parallels.” Solutions



Can’t shut down/log off computer after closing out of Lockdown Browser? See Windows
(“No Power Options Are Currently Available”)



“Screencastify will not allow Lockdown to launch”: This is often encountered with
students on a high school Chrome account, which manages the browser so
Screencastify cannot be deleted.


To fix this, you need to log out/delete the Chrome PROFILE, so logging out of the
account is likely not enough. You can either remove the profile or continue with a
guest account. To check if the account was successfully changed/deleted

Resmedianet


Network for devices included but not limited to:


Nintendo Switch, PS4/PS5 (Playstation), Xbox, Amazon (Alexa, Fire Stick), Apple
TV, Chromecast, Google Home, Roku, Kindle, Nook, Smart Light



Password: tigerpaw



Registering device



Find a device’s MAC address


Make sure this is the WIRELESS or WIRED MAC depending on desired
connection.



Help Desk employees can manually check/add which devices users have registered!


HD Tools > Search user > Netreg (second from bottom left)

SAS


RENEWAL


Have users download the newest license file from the software repository.


The most up-to-date license file can be found in the software repo: SAS >
Documentation > License (SIDS Dec 2021 - Dec 2022) > 9.4 > Teaching
and Research (in most cases) > 64 bit > SAS94_9C…txt



Start Menu > Renew SAS 9.4. Walk through these prompts, and select the
location of the downloaded license file.



**Have the user fill out the SAS License Agreement even if they are just
renewing. SAS > Documentation > SASLicenseAgreement. Send this in a
ticket to Software Licensing.**



Installation


Connect to the Software Repository (VPN needed if off campus, eduroam if on
campus).



SAS > Windows > 9.4 > Teaching and Research > Current Media - 9.4.0.2 >
64-bit > setup (labeled as an application type)

School of Computing


Which major is the user in? (HD Tools > Usernames > Provisioning > Provisioned to: _)




Computer Science has access to SoC machines


SSH: ssh username@access.computing.clemson.edu



GUI/Web Interface: https://virtual.computing.clemson.edu/

Computer Engineering has access to CES machines


SSH: ssh username@access.ces.clemson.edu



GUI/Web Interface: https://access.cecas.clemson.edu/

Slack


Channels

Channel Name

Channel Description

What it is used for

#tier1-chat

Localized chat for all Tier 1
Staff (Students and
supervisors mostly)

Used for all Tier 1
associates to ask
questions or make

requests



#tier1-announcements

Major updates that affect
Tier 1 workflow

Used by supervisors to
give updates to Tier 1 Staff

#slaask-open

Slaask dashboard for chats Access chats to respond to
customers.

#apple-support

Localized troubleshooting
and general updates for
Apple

Conglomerate of all apple
users in CCIT to help with
troubleshooting. Only ask
here if you are absolutely
sure you need Apple
specific help.

#windows-support

Localized troubleshooting
and updates for Windows

Conglomerate of all apple
users in CCIT to help with
troubleshooting. Only ask
here if you are absolutely
sure you need Windows
specific help.

#slaask-logs

A report log of all open and
closed slaask chats

Used to go look through a
previous conversation to
get information if a
customer mentions it.

Slackbot


If you haven’t noticed, Slackbot is incredibly annoying.



Are you telling me you didn’t want to know that you were removed from a channel
you just manually closed?



Our hero, Nathan Long, found a way to disable this. After signing in here,
Slackbot will (automatically) no longer send messages about Slaask chats. You
can close the channel now and it will not reappear.

Software Repository / (Mapping a) Network Drive


The Software Repository is a network storage space where we keep installers for all
software that we have access to on Main Campus



STOP: Ask what software the customer is looking for.


Some software are OS Specific, this will change the availability of the software
they are looking for.



STOP: Ask what major the user is.



Some software licenses are restricted to specific majors. Check to see if the
requested software is Major Restricted.



NOTE: Some software is specifically designed for uses off of main campus. As
such, these requests will have to be handled by their respective teams. (Such as
Automotive Software for CU-ICAR.





STOP: Is the user on campus or on the VPN?


If they are not on campus, they will need to be on the VPN



If they are on campus, they will need to be connected to Eduroam.

Windows:


File Explorer > This PC (left panel) > Computer Tab along the top of the Window
> Map Network Drive >
The Drive’s Letter is not important



The Folder’s Location is: \\software.clemson.edu\software



NOTE: By default it will most likely have username@clemson.edu selected,
be sure that you select “Other User” and have them type in their
Username, or “Connect using different credentials checked.


STOP: Does below login field with username and password say “Domain:
Campus”?


Yes: username is just the username (excluding
@clemson.edu)



No: username is campus\username (excluding
@clemson.edu)



NOTE: If you must log in with YOUR Clemson Credentials, be absolutely sure
that once you finish that you disconnect the Software Repository from their
computer.



Mac:


Finder > Go > Connect to Server >
OR Finder > Command + K



The Drive’s Name is not important



The Folder’s Location is: smb://software.clemson.edu/software



NOTE: If at all possible, have them log in with their Clemson Username and
Clemson Password. By default it will most likely have username@clemson.edu
selected, be sure that you select “Other User” and have them type in their
Username.



NOTE: If you must log in with YOUR Clemson Credentials, be absolutely sure
that once you finish that you disconnect the Software Repository from their
computer.

SolidWorks


STOP: Ask what major the user is.




Solidworks licenses are restricted to CECAS Majors only!

STOP: Is the user on campus or on the VPN?


If they are not on campus, they will need to be on the VPN



If they are on campus, they will need to be connected to Eduroam.



NOTE: Solidworks will require the user to be connected to the VPN or Eduroam
at all times to use!



This is Windows ONLY software. Mac users will need to access Solidworks via Citrix or
Bootcamp their Mac.



Download & Installation Instructions


File path in the guide is slightly out of date. Updated path in Repo is: SolidWorks
> Windows > OEM > SOLIDWORKS 2021 SP04 (or most up to date version) >
setup.

Splunk


Splunk is a powerful tool used mostly for troubleshooting wireless issues.



Access Splunk on the staff page under Web Applications.



Troubleshooting Wireless:


Type a username in the search bar, and you’ll be able to see all of their wireless
activity.



You’ll be able to see what they’re using for their username.



You can also search by mac address and ip address



Use this search query for more organized information:



index=splunk_network_ise log_type!=RADIUS_Accounting username | rename
NetworkDeviceName as Controller Called_Station_ID AS "Access Point"
Device_IP_Address as "Controller IP" |table _time, UserName, src_mac, "Access
Point", log_type, AuthenticationStatus, DetailedInfo, reason, Controller,
"Controller IP"



Use the “Helpdesk ISE Authentications” Dashboard for the best results.



Open Splunk > Search & Reporting > Dashboards > Helpdesk ISE
Authentications



Select a time range, fill in a username, MAC address can be left as the
wildcard (*), and select an authentication type. Click submit.



Understanding Splunk search results will take some time and experience.

SPSS


Can be accessed through Citrix Workspace or installed locally



Download and Install:


**You must be on the VPN or connected to Eduroam to download, install, and
use SPSS Statistics.**



Download from Software Repo > SPSS Folder > Mac/Windows/Linux > Statistics
Standard 28.0 > run this .exe or .pkg file (SPSSStatistics.exe or
SPSS_Statistics_… pkg).



Follow installation guide from here:
https://hdkb.clemson.edu/phpkb/article.php?id=1786

Switchboard


Switchboard is a call center state when we are taking all of the calls going to the general
clemson phone number.


Most of the time, if we move to this state, we will tell you when we move to
switchboard



Change the opening response from CCIT related to a more general Clemson University
message (e.g. “Clemson University, how may I direct your call?).



Note: Many people will need to be transferred to other phone centers. You can find their
extensions at “Directory Numbers” on the HDAdmin Staff Page.

Tableau


Available only to Students for free via Citrix Workspace.



A desktop license can be purchased here



Purchasing a license will create a ticket that looks like a receipt in Cherwell with Michael
Belanger’s (MBELANG) name on it. **Do NOT spam this ticket - Send it to Computer
Resources.**

TigerOne (Mobile ID)


Adding a Mobile ID on iOS




Adding a Mobile ID on Android




**You CANNOT be connected to ClemsonGuest during this process!**
**You CANNOT be connected to ClemsonGuest during this process!**

White Screen for Duo when Adding TigerOne (iOS)


Settings > Screen Time > Content & Privacy Restrictions > Content Restrictions
> Web Content > Unrestricted Access.




If the above does not work, Settings > Safari > Clear History and Website Data.

Adding TigerOne on a new iPhone (previously on another iPhone)


Go to the Settings app on your iPhone. You can do this on the old or new device.



Click on your name on the top of the menu.



Scroll down to the list of devices and select the OLD iPhone or Apple Watch (you
can see the model version under the name)



Scroll down and select Remove All Cards



Once the cards are removed (this may take a moment), close/reopen the
my.Clemson app and you will be able to add the TigerOne Mobile ID to your new
device.

TigerQuest


This is a Clemson club/Organization site



If you ever have a user calling in to request anything regarding an organizational/club
account (Creating a Clemson/email account for the org, resetting a password, etc.) and
they are not listed as an Owning Identity (Shown below), you can check that Club’s
TigerQuest page to see their position within the org or give them the info for who to
contact



If current staff positions on TigerQuest need to be updated in any way, have the user
click on the Support button at the bottom of the site. This site is run by Anthology, who
can process all of these changes.

Touchnet for Laptop Pickup



Instructions are available at the computer closest to the door, which is the only one you
can use for this
It will not work unless you are in Edge in Internet Explorer mode!










There is a desktop shortcut on the Help Desk PC connected to the card
reader
PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU GET THE PASSWORD RIGHT
Add parts/labor as indicated on the Cherwell ticket/post-it on the sheet with the repaired
laptop
If tax is not automatically added, type “1.07” in the “Amount to be Charged” field
Make sure that you approve Java applet usage to allow the card reader to work, and
click to verify the signature
If the user does not want an email receipt, Jon has asked that we email the receipt to
ithelp@clemson.edu and forward the ticket to Laptop Repair.
Make sure to note the order number after purchase on the repaired laptop sheet

Trend Micro (Apex One)


Trend Micro is an antimalware and antivirus software that frequently breaks upon
updates to both MacOS and itself. Most of the time, it is more beneficial to uninstall
Trend Micro than it is to troubleshoot the software itself.



Note: There is an uninstaller software that Trend Micro provides, but most of the time, it
will install back upon the Macbook Restarting. It is best to use this Uninstall Guide that
works through the MacOS Terminal



Trend One Mac Uninstall Guide:

Uninstalling a Program


Windows


Search for Program in Start Menu > Uninstall. Select Program in new Window >
Uninstall.



MacOS


Finder > Applications > Right-Click on Application > Move to Trash. Right-Click
on Trash > Empty Trash.

Windows


Product Key


Product Keys for Windows 10 Education & Windows 11 Education can be found
on Azure - https://aka.ms/devtoolsforteaching.


Sign In > Software > Search “Windows” > Select desired version > View
Key.




Note: Not all of the Win10 keys are active. You may have to try a few.

Alumni Activation Key



Do not have access to Azure, so they cannot retrieve their activation key.
This can be prompted due to Windows updates, a reimage from Laptop
Support, or a multitude of firmware/driver updates.



Either follow these instructions or have the user do so and this should
remove the issue permanently. (At least until their next update breaks it
again)



Bitlocker Recovery


FIRST: As long as the user’s device was registered to their Clemson username,
they can view their own Bitlocker Recovery Key


365.clemson.edu > Sign in > Profile icon (top right) > My account >
Devices > Bitlocker Key



ELSE: If the user cannot see their Bitlocker Recovery key, any Service Desk
full-time staff or local support can check this for you.


Send a request in #tier1-chat with:


1. (Identity has been verified)



2. Username



3. Something that can identify the device


Since the device is locked, they won’t be able to see
the device name, so get enough information that we can
determine the device name (Ask how many devices they
have, whether the device is a laptop/desktop/where it is
located)



“No Power Options Are Currently Available”


This is almost always caused by Lockdown Browser exiting incorrectly



Have the user reopen Lockdown and close it properly and check if the issue has
been fixed



If not, have the user do a brute force shutdown of the device (Hold down power
button for ~15 seconds


If this does not immediately fix the issue upon reboot, end Lockdown
Browser in Task Manager



There is a USB in the helpdesk register labeled “Jeremy.”


There is one file on this drive.



Transfer this file to their computer.



Execute the file.

Zoom


Zoom download: https://zoom.us/download



STOP: Have the user open the Zoom app and click on their profile initials in the top
right. Does the pop-out window say the word “Licensed”?


Not Licensed? Log out of Zoom and follow these instructions:


Open Zoom App > Login with SSO > Domain: clemson > Sign in with
Clemson username and password



On the off chance this does not work and you can verify the user is using
the correct username/password, send a Slack message with the
username to a Zoom Admin and have them check on the licensing.





Zoom Admins:


Avery Holder



Bill Brahm



Glenn Williams

Zoom Webinar questions and other obscure Zoom questions can be sent to Teaching &
Learning Support in Cherwell.


NOTE: It’s a good idea to ask a Student Lead or Avery before you send a ticket
here.

